I don't say that i have experienced deep
deep bitterness Warren when you meet
boyfriend number 101 you think you're
just like boyfriend number 98 it's the
same [ __ ] up every little boy maybe
trailers but I think in Christian
culture and Western culture we think of
love as linked to self-sacrifice and
maybe that's a bad thing maybe we just
have terrible taste in men li and I
suppose the pattern here is you okay you
know and I can't even ask you that
because it's so true I'm honest yen I'm
very dishwashing centric you know like
for me like I knew okay I used to have a
roommate it was a rented house but she
was memory so this is one we're not
romantically liberated but she lived in
the next room and we shared the rent on
this house cuz one was my roommate and
she fell in love with this guy a hundred
ten percent and she was totally
committed because I talk to her you know
like we're friends or whatever she was
totally committed on mine this man she
was gonna marry him and they were gonna
raise kids together and like this is it
for her she was set and she was old but
he was even older so she was like 35 and
he was 55 like they were you know okay
so she was completely committed and
because I was her roommate I knew about
this I was going out of town for like
let's say I was going to him for a week
I forget and during that week nose out
of town this guy was going to come in
and stay in the house they would have
some time as a couple you know alone and
that was great fine so I knew what this
in came back and you know so I came back
from this trip is all great so you know
so how did things go she was like it's
over I'm never constant five is that guy
again it's done and if she was so in
love with this guy but she had never had
a simple experience of like doing
laundry with him washing the dishes
together like sharing a space of the way
going out to a restaurant with somebody
or going out to the movies or like going
to Las Vegas those are really artificial
settings where you don't know what it's
like to be in a relation
with somebody and obviously like talking
over Skype or email or YouTube videos
it's also really artificial I mean my
videos are like I really am I really
behave the same way in real life that I
just want you to do a good thing NFS
been I'm a little no I amp it up a bit
on you don't bit more dramatic on
YouTube you know a bit more emotional
than I am in real life like in real life
if I was talking to ryan from happy
healthy vegan face-to-face would I have
been quite sure you know I do I have it
I am it of it but you know I'm pretty
close but still I just say I think I
think in terms of when I think about a
real relationship if the bedrock is
having that experience of doing dishes
together of doing grocery shopping
together of mopping the floor of doing
laundry and you never know who someone
really is until you you've done the
dishes together I'm not so you're not if
you ain't done the dishes with me you're
not my girlfriend no I actually use like
a similar way of like measuring where
relationship is like once we start doing
things like oh I'm gonna go run some
errands you want to join you know like I
kind of use that as like okay like this
is this is going somewhere it I just say
I'm I'm the type of person who is highly
emotional I've been highly emotional my
entire life don't we show that on
YouTube you actually don't see it on
youtube that's it has been gone yet oh
I'll get to that like it is a great
there's just things like very deliberate
choice on land come across that way and
it's because like my whole life I guess
it's like I'd be most of it like I'm
still lost logical enough like detach
from the emotion enough to recognize
that in a lot of ways it does enhance my
life like I can't to live in a different
way like I can't even imagine it I
wouldn't want to but in a lot of ways it
does it does those a lot of challenges
for me just like this heightened state
of emotion so to deal with that like
I've made a deliberate effort to just
really you know not snap at someone or
just not how
an emotional outburst so in a way even
though i am so emotional like I am so
much more controlled the mavericks vs it
take a look at whenever we're impatient
with someone like it takes such a
substantial effort like it takes so much
out of me just not yeah you know then
you take more effort from me than the
average person but yes i think the
average person would still have that
emotional outburst despite it being
easier for them not to do it and it
would be for me but it is strange that
the emotion would lead me to be more
controlled over it I don't know so was
my youtube channel yeah that is that is
very deliberate because I find that I
guess just this culture that we live in
does value ISIL just like it cool
detachment from a subject makes you
appear more credible than being highly
emotional about it which is something I
don't necessarily agree with but i'm
working with the culture I'm living it
so it it is very well practiced for me
to be cool detached but certainly not my
nature and you know I've been doing it
for a long time like I'm 24 at this
point I'm a lot better than i was when i
was 17 so I think middle-aged will catch
up for you with you that way cuz like I
know identify as a middle-aged version
at 38 and I've gotten more emotional and
more sentimental i love it like I I
mentioned you i watch this documentary
this vegan documentary on life according
to 0 hat and i broke down weeping like
maybe three times watching it will broke
down i wet I was watching it like three
times I love that about myself I love
them 38 and I can sit there and cry
watching this dog I love that like I
don't mean I totally i'm not trying to
repress that i love that i could
exercise that side of a character and
again like it's not like I've it's not
because I the controls not like I break
down weeping at work you and me it's not
like you know it's a mime weeping when
I'm in a situation where I can let
myself weep I love that and by contrast
like back when I was like 19 to 21
I think the saddest and most terrible
times in my life like subjectively was
when I felt awful but I couldn't cry you
know when like you're in a terrible
situation but you can't you know you
can't pour out emotion or you can't you
can't express even if it's just as an
expression when you can as we just sit
there inert and feel like garbage but
yeah I mean there's really the kind of
mean old man stereotype of getting less
emotional as as you get older and that's
not the case your middle unlike okay to
bring this back to the veganism if we
could bring it back to anything else
like in a positive when I was in when i
was in kunming so I was willing in China
but the pressure on that now when i was
in conveying I went into this one meat
restaurant they do noodles because my
teacher told me she could they could
make vegan noodles there which turned
out to be totally untrue but my teacher
told me if you go in and try this
restaurant and you know so I'm waiting
to talk to the person behind the counter
to ask if they can make something vegan
and there's just this metal bowl sitting
there totally normal you know antiseptic
metal bowl that people use in kitchens
with diced pork in it you know the red
maintenance and and I'm looking at this
bowl which is not remarkable it's diced
up meat in a bowl full and I didn't weep
openly but you know like tears were
coming to my eyes I got really emotional
stead of looking at it why because it
connects to so many meaningful things
you know I'm not just seeing the bowl it
does it's not just me to me it means a
lot you know what I mean and I can have
a motion event which I I love it like
I'm not complaining i think it's great I
think like I think it brings a lot of
richness and depth to my daily life that
wouldn't be there you know whether
that's whether that's like an anecca
logical sense or in an ethical stance or
an animal sir I I love that about
middle-aged I think our hey I would not
like that at 21 I was not well this
definitely agree with you I mean the
ones in which ideas were like this
highly emotional lens like it's exactly
as he said it does bring a death I get a
certain richness to my life you know I
mean I don't know any other basement to
experience the world so I
can't really compare it but I just based
on other people actually closely I just
need to be about earlier usually the
guys I date me business is the problem
the guys I always date are very like
logical and like cold you know and I
think in a way it is perfect you know I
think at first it works out because
these guys you know I show them what
it's like me in color view the metaphor
you know like I've aged I just never
experienced someone was just so
emotional about everything but then I
think in and I like them because they
keep making me grounded I suppose you
know this I'm scared of a dreamer I
guess they're more they're more like a
realist but then I don't know I guess
you can stick of each other I don't know
but to say that like I said it does
hinder my life in a lot of ways living
this way but I agree I wouldn't change
it for anything it's the reason why I'm
vegan you know it's I didn't go vegan
because logically I thought oh yes
that's that's immoral or for the
environment or a health reasons right
like I want to vegan because I just I
you know I imagine this little animal
suffering and it broke my heart and
that's all I want to begin in a day like
I have a video on a tray like I just it
just took one moment to realize it go
yet this animal does how feeling and it
broke my heart and that's all it took i
never look back i think you know i just
say it so that i am actually partly
saying this is advice for you as you get
older haha I think like I think it's
really sad that in Western culture like
sadness has kind of a bad words like
sadness is a bad thing you're not
supposed to feel sad or joy or any
visitor like simple childlike emotions I
think it's really really positive to
keep feeling the simple childlike
emotions I think what in since you have
to avoid because like it's fine whether
it's you know your boyfriend pissing you
off and you feel sadness or anger or
something but I think those simple
travel emotions really get a bad
reputation
I think what you got to avoid are the
more complex and compounded and indirect
emotions like bitterness and it's really
difficult like on a subjective level to
define even what bitterness is but like
when i saw i saw that will use the bowl
of meat and then we'll use like a
boyfriend/girlfriend example but when I
see that boy love bought that bowl of
meat I'm directly feeling sad as I
didn't tweet but tears to my eyes but
i'm not feeling hatred against the woman
behind the counter I'm not feeling
bitterness or anger and it's not like
bringing back memories that I'm bitter
about about other meat eaters I had a
fight with or like your own parents or
something sorry not in your case I know
I should you have really good really
sheer perseverance most of us most
vegans we've had like our parents
screaming at us that we're insane
because we're vegan or whatever you know
them in like you know that that memory
can come back and be and be really be
bitterness via negative emotion and my
age like this again like why am i dating
younger women one of the real problems
you have if you're talking about women
who are 35 a lot of them when they meet
me they don't really see me they don't
really react to me they're so into
feelings of bitterness from the
relationship that in the past they're
still reacting to the guy they're mad at
from last year or 10 years ago or 20
years ago they've got bitterness
memories mixed with emotion in this kind
of complex way and you know again it's
fine if you want to be mad at me if you
want to hate me that's not the problem
is bitterness the problem is not like
joy or sorrow or sadness you know I
think it's really positive to be able to
be in touch those emotions and radiate
them but it says I think of what what
you're trying to avoid is you get in the
middle age you're trying to avoid
letting the bitterness a past experience
pollute those feelings and make those
things more more complex and
counterproductive yeah that's my wisdom
based on of my wisdom of how to be
middle aged well you know you say that I
don't say that I have experienced Inc
deep bitterness
what friend when you meet boyfriend
number 101 do you think you're just like
boyfriend number 98 it's the same [ __ ] a
beautiful or maybe Travis you meant even
must say necessarily that far off but me
maybe was just a terrible taste in Manly
a couple the pattern here is you okay
you know and I can't even ask you that
because it's so true like none of these
guys are willing to try veganism for me
like i just have the worst to so you're
not the only one who sees it but
everyone else can see a nice and see it
but i just don't know how to be more
proactive about it i don't know what to
do I've been talking about this a lot
lately because I had a week where maybe
three different women were really
pursuing me at the same time on the
internet but the thing like I think I
said to hold three of them was look you
know like it's really odd for me because
I have this deep contrast between these
women who are pursuing me on the
internet who are one vegan and two they
generally already know me really well
from youtube and again I don't just have
each if I also have articles have
written that on the internet like
whether the articles about Buddhism or
politics but like like in a really non
shallow sense before the first date
these women know me better than most
people know each other after the tenth
date you know what I mean and then the
contrast is I'm here in China and there
are gorgeous women here there are women
here who are extremely attractive
objectively and they've got leather
purse and leather shoes and it's not
just that they don't know me I
definitely feel in those cases they're
never going to know me and there's
almost no point you know what I mean
like if I was going to have relationship
this woman am I really going to try to
tell her who I am or what's going on the
other parts of my life or you just get
aberration that's not even on that level
that is such a weird weird contrast to
live with you know and I don't know I
mean I can't complain you know this i
think we talked about this in our first
conversation lasted like four hours the
first conversation I said to you like
for me like a the big motivating factor
for getting on YouTube getting on social
media even before that went to the blog
was when I left Cambodia I was alone
when I left taiwan I was alone even
within Canada yeah I did I remember
talking about that with you it's like
look when you leave and move to Winnipeg
you're gonna lose all those friends
those people are not going to stay in
touch with you who knew you and
university or just knew you in another
city in Canada and it was like you know
on YouTube some people love you and some
people hate you but at least at least
you're not alone so yeah that's I'm
totally grateful for that no matter how
much horrible should i go through no
matter how many lies vegan cheetah tells
about me or even if even if durianrider
eventually does beat me up if he
eventually does kick my ass we finally
have the boxing match or whatever you
know that that's really really positive
to me is having people in your life who
care about you who aren't going to
disappear when you buy your next
airplane ticket yeah it counts for a lot
you know it's like going off with like
you talking about the women there with
like the leather bags I'm just knowing
that it would never will never know you
guys but I think that's something like
it yeah this is you can component like
yes non-vegans will never really
understands I'd like even beyond that
just wants with other weights like
others the other levels I find in
general that I don't know I don't want
to make myself out as like a special
snowflake I can't that's not my right my
purpose here at all but I spike I maybe
had or maybe I'm just in a mood but I
truly don't think I'll ever find someone
who will love me as much as I love them
like in the reason why I say so sad
Jesus Christ I know that let me know
better at what we get up in your
crestfallen you're just wow wait I like
it is just not even necessarily coming
out of like my own dating failures right
it's just coming out of like
observing the world thicker because when
I'm with someone it's like there is
literally nothing I would do you know
they could move across the world for
like two years and if I love them like
okay I just don't see secateurs like I'm
with you you know but i don't know maybe
just the culture or something but no one
arm a beyond his years but no one seems
i don't want to do that like it doesn't
mean anything to them so you know and i
think in a way the reason why i am this
way is like my own parents say i think
they were apart for like a year like and
yet i'm a survivor I didn't see each
other for a whole year or something and
like they're so utterly devoted to each
other and man I don't know I just I
haven't seen that anywhere I was by over
my parents relationship so oh my god i
want to assure you you can definitely
find someone who loves you as much as
you love them I don't think you should
give up on that maybe there are a lot of
things in life you should give up on but
no I mean I think you can find someone
who is who is going to be devoted you at
that level on a practical sense and of
course of course you can find someone
loves you as as much as as much as you
love them
hahaha so this was because your wording
you said you'll never love someone as
much as they love you I've never had
that problem I've always been super
committed to you and super in love with
the person I'm I'm with which worked out
great in my first marriage by the way I
should i should say [ __ ] that worked out
great but i did i did love my first wife
and i said a lot of positive good there
was in love with him for a reason some
way she's a wonderful person and in some
ways she's a terrible person but she is
you know she's a lot of positive
qualities that way i relocated many many
times for my life I've moved from
Cambodia to Canada I'm from Canada to
France I'm from France to Taiwan we
moved before that also I was sacrificing
my job interests in my education under
skin again but I think in Christian
culture and Western culture we think of
love as linked to self sacrifice and
maybe that's a bad thing like in all my
relationships I was super
self-sacrificing and I think like
self-sacrifice I felt Lee not the one
was actually proved that I really loved
her that was really you know up for it
yeah like I felt it was like a really
positive thing to drop out of a
university program for my wife or for my
girlfriend where will the room area no
Tamra I really thought that was the most
positive loving thing so yeah I'm so
into you I'm gonna you know change my
plans to drop out of this program and
plan a whole different future for you
but it's not that's not positive that's
self destructives but so I wonder on
some deep level even though I've never
been Christian I'm brainwashed by sesame
street like everyone else why do I think
that self-sacrifice is such a positive
thing I mean interesting point I'd I
don't think I've ever heard anyone even
challenged that notion right hmm well so
think about that that's actually really
interesting I'd never even thought
challenge it you know I guess there's
anything I'm I've usually been one to
like you know to spend that position or
to promote that position i go i'll be
talking someone about just what is love
and you know sometimes people will say
us a nice feeling you get
there's a player things like so like
trivial and you know I'm like not only
this is you know I just know this is
what it is it is exactly he says well
sex faces it's serving someone else but
that's okay i don't know i don't like it
for me like I hear what you stayin like
maybe just you know being
self-destructive uh-huh I'm just
thinking out loud here I don't know I
don't know where I'm going to bed no
because deep and I'm Matt I think
ultimately it's because the
self-sacrifice is linked to your ability
to have children your ability to
reproduce as a human being so I just say
this maybe those groceries yoga change
the subject I don't think it's too gross
but like you know at the time my wife
and I decided to have a baby it was it
was not an accidental pregnancy by the
way it was planned out way in advance
the plan was okay she would quit her job
I would quit my university program Ernie
possibility job we would both devote
24-7 for like one year to raising this
baby which we did so I was a
stay-at-home dad I was doing absolutely
nothing you know except worry about the
future worry about my next job worry
about my career and you know coddle this
baby you got to move on it's cool oh do
it and you really feel the extent to
which that self sacrifices may be a
natural instinct is an evolutionary
behavior because let me tell you during
the first year of a baby's life you
sacrifice everything like you know just
sleep you're never sleeping right you're
not doing anything for yourself all your
time it's devoted towards taking care of
that that newborn infant especially if
you don't have a few of it extended
family if you have grandparents helping
you if you have aunts and uncles and
grandparents then you're doing less but
we didn't it was just the two of us with
this baby 24-7 so I do think that that
self-sacrifice mentality or set of
behaviors I think it is it's there's an
evolutionary component to it so that you
can you can have them raise a baby but I
mean the other side of it is I guess we
just call attachment when I got together
with my lip story like I say I was I was
married we were together for secures you
know
wasn't I when we moved to Saskatchewan
absolutely part of the plan that was
explicitly discussed like you know we
sat down with a pen and paper you know
you were planning what you're going to
do was it we move to Saskatchewan and
then I deal with her there for a few
months but then i was going to enroll in
like a master's program i was going to
go back to university in one of the
neighboring cities in canada so you know
this better than most neighboring city
in canada is an unbelievable distance
away like the distance between Regina
and Alberta any of the city's it's huge
it's like you know compared to other
countries like oh yeah it's the next
major city like I'm just going from just
one from [ __ ] Regina to Calgary it's
unbelievable the distance involved right
like oh yeah it's the next major city so
you know the university programs i was
looking at they were they were nearby
but it was it was a big deal but she was
committed to that that was their plan in
advance like okay we're gonna go to this
part of canada and then she was only
going to like see me on the weekends or
something or see me you know a couple
times no because i was going to be in
the next city doing university program
and after we got there and you know
you're like busy for the first couple
months just getting set up in your new
apartment of stuff it was like okay so
now just like our plan i'm going to
apply for these university programs her
position was no I love you I need to be
with you every day it's totally
unacceptable like you can't leave town
for one day [ __ ] it like I respect it
like it it's wonderful it's flattering
like most people like a lot of people
wish they had a husband or wife or
girlfriend cared about them that much
like it's great but I'm sitting there
and it's like this was the plan I you
know I mean like I can't move forward in
my career in my education if I have to
stay within you know 500 meters of you
suddenly this absolute was the plan and
that was a mean oh ok so that was a long
time before we actually got divorced but
in a really simple sense that is why we
eventually did have to get divorced I
had this huge capacity for self
sacrifice and in a sense she had none
for her it was like no i'm not even
going to sacrifice you know sleeping in
the same bed as you every day which
again it's wonderful it's flattering i
totally she really loved me like it's
nothing fake about it and I totally
appreciate that i was in this
relationship with someone who really
loved me was passionate over that much
but if you can't sacrifice to let me go
back to school you know what what can
you do so yeah no sacrifice and
reproduction yeah I can I could kind of
release that and I mean yeah it was like
my little relationship that I lost to
the longest I mean it was it was the
same dynamic I was the one who would
youth who would sacrifice everything
okay everything and then he was the wine
like he was I mean I'm hesitant saying
you love to me i think it was like a
session right but like he just not
happened capacity to sacrifice anything
which was it was the only reason why we
eventually broke up I mean there was
there was other reasons I mean it was
inevitable like we got together when we
were pretty young you changed a lot my
priorities changed a lot but yeah i can
i can really realize that it really
became like I don't I mean I I think
I've heard enough of your videos and
maybe really says like it really became
like toxic and that's not for like I was
giving and giving and giving and like I
gave everything that I could and then he
would take the rest you know I got it
was yeah yeah so when to say like I knew
I look back on that and I think we'll
did be actually love me if he could be
so selfish and I have to say no he
didn't I mean depend on me or a
definition of what like just because I
think that element of self-sacrifice is
so necessary and he was just utterly
lacking me like he had that emotional
component right he was obsessed with me
but he couldn't faqs reckoning her so i
don't know i would say no he didn't love
me yeah i mean like the other thing is
funny about how technology changes
relationships
and this is not about YouTube this is
not about YouTube or Facebook or
whatever but like you know in the old
days so like I used to live in Laos and
Cambodia of mention a million times one
of the reasons why those countries so
much embraced violence and just didn't
care about their kids going to war and
killing each other and meaningless
circumstances including like you know so
today we have this sport Thai kickboxing
that sport historically used to be fatal
it used like the historical like the
modern form you know they have padding
all the stuff you look into the history
of that sport they used to have these
small hook knives on their fifth this is
unbelievably gruesome course and like
you asked of what parents would let
their 15 year old son or 12 year old son
do this like you get maimed and killed
in this sport well again Timmy believes
this is coming back to self sacrifice
when you have 12 kids your attitude is
different right when you got 12 kids if
six of them died in the army maybe you
don't care so much if you got if you've
got four wives and six slaves you know
your life is different so I do think
that in the historical past maybe people
could have relationships and could raise
kids without that kind of sacrifice
because you know because there were so
many people cooperating in the process
you know multiple wives multiple slaves
extended family but today when a couple
you rely so much on just that one other
person and nobody else for everything
and that's enabled by technology I've
never had a servant I've never had
someone else you know what I mean clean
my apartment either I'm going to do it
or my girlfriend's going to do or we do
it together and it's like that for
everything it's like that for mopping
the floor and changing the bait nobody
else ever changed my baby's diaper it
was either me or my wife for both of us
to get that's it you know what I mean
the whole like everything whether it's
you know whether or not you have kids
everything in the relationship you're
cooperating so much and I that wasn't
the case 500 years ago 500 years ago was
really it was real all of these were
group activities so yeah I think that
capacity for self sacrifice is much much
more important
than it ever was in the past I just
expected yeah all right and also like
you know whether or not your parents are
crazies to matter more in the past two
right because if I was marrying you to
raise kids together your parents would
be so much more involved it would be
this whole you know group of people
coming together in the family no I'm
Italian like you know that it's not
something of the past when the parents
are is really involved right I don't
know how I tell you you are though I
don't know but that I don't know yeah
okay myself no like I don't really
identifiers Italian but like my mom like
my mom speaks Italian really like the
moms moms side uh I mean I was the older
generation they're kind of you know yeah
please just no crude ways they really
out there they're all gone now but so
they don't really speak Italian that
much like they used to speak Italian to
the benefit is like the first generation
but yeah there's still there pretty
Italian and just in terms of like like
cultural ideal all right I think my mom
yes you may yeah she's extremely devoted
to her children really she's really not
doing well now that her kids a blessed
left the nest when she comes to visit me
like Jesus just here actually am a
couple days ago like she was here for
five minutes and she just puts on the
rubber gloves and she's already cleaning
oh nice you don't have to do that but
that's Francis issues that's how she was
raised that's what a mom has got to do
so what she does it yeah but even so
either those are values if you have a
baby in Winnipeg which is not that far
away you know how much is your mom going
to be involved she could be if your
mom's retired already or something she
could move to Winnipeg to be there but
those well no I just say like those are
the big big decisions it does family
still last in the 21st century where
people move all around the world and get
another home another place and and all
this stuff you know it'll be hard for
your mom it is bad just because my
parents they are following me to
Winnipeg
mom has explicitly stated that wherever
I wind up and dinner and have kids like
Shane she's going to drag my dad and are
going to live there because she wants to
be part of the place I can teach your
children's life and I'm like all right
free babysitting I'm cool that it's so
much pressure on you once you have a kid
to try to positively cooperate with
everyone you can you can possibly
cooperate with even if they're crazy
even if you hate them even if you still
resent the terrible things they did to
you in the past you know it's such a
pressuring you because your alternative
is to hire you know help to hire
servants to hire babysitters and I'll
give you a min two reasons I mean we're
that's so hard for me one is veganism
like someone helping take care of your
kid who doesn't raising them and the
other is you know I believe in soap this
has come up i do chicken-- i believe in
washing your hands with soap and I don't
think I'm phobic about it look I don't
think I'm I'm uh you know like a maniac
for cleanliness look when i was living
in the south of france i was meeting
people with the university education who
would drop a piece of food on the floor
and pick it up and eat it with their
fingers it's like what the [ __ ] like I
just don't get it like I don't think I'm
I don't think of that extreme but like
and I would not like if my hands are
dirty like if you've been petting your
dog I would not let you pet your dog and
then put your finger inside my
daughter's mouth you know I mean like
there's little kids you do have to put
your finger you up to take sewing of
their mouth or whatever you know or wipe
their nose they know you have to wash
your hands or use a handkerchief or
something I don't think I'm crazy but
apparently i mean the tiny minority of
human beings who believe that bacteria
and viruses exist like okay surely
you've heard of the five-second rule
great well I just couldn't hear that
that phrase I've heard of the
five-second rule oh no you practice
provides I control I don't know it
depends on the food let me
if I drop something like moist enough
like that's done that's that I'm not
gonna eat that but if I what you're
telling me but if you're in your own
house your own house and you drop a
potato chip on the floor well you're not
going to eat it no I know exactly how
dirty my own floor is why we're not what
you think I have any delusion by own
feet are so clean no I don't if I drop I
don't do any of that I so again the
women in my life of all coming in this
different ways you know I don't care
about tidiness I don't care what tiny as
I care about hygiene from either really
different things like you know some of
the guys I wonder if their heterosexual
like both vegan cheetah and Ted car are
obsessed with tidiness without an like
an empty clean space and they talk about
it on YouTube and really like I know if
I know it's like racist of me look if
you're wondering like are you really
heterosexual it's so alien to me if
you're a straight man talk about tithing
it and they all have complicado so he's
like mad at his girlfriend because she
doesn't keep his like apartment tidy
enough and [ __ ] look I don't care about
making the bed you know why if the room
is empty if you're not if you can't see
the bed who gives a [ __ ] what's neat the
bed sheets are in like you can see that
it's not about cleanliness like you know
that's that's tidiness not cleanliness
but no if I drop the fork on the floor I
would not put that fork in my mouth
until I've washed it by drop food on the
floor everything like that those things
that actually have to do with hygiene
yeah I'm pretty tight on and I believe
in soap you know I really believe in the
the German theory of disease and the
effectiveness of soap yes yes ok I'll
say this yes so it was important I wash
my hands are you shampoo like a whole
whole thing but hmm you know you say
that it's unusual that these guys are so
tidy but in my experience
ok this is ok guys in general I find
they're very tiny and girl girl nurse
logged like we just we just think
welcome back to you having horrible
taste in men well just to give you an
example right my like I so I I was alone
and I have to bathroom so I pick up both
bathrooms like my stump mano y is
everywhere I live alone I can do it so
you know like my dad my brother over
here visiting my brother had like a
interview in the city so he was here and
my dad he walks into the bathroom and
I'm like in the other room neither haley
anna can you come a you know a clear
your stuff out of the bathroom and like
i'm thinking like stuff is in there
Ellie original stuff in there and I get
in there and there's like there's like
bras everywhere all the camp on like all
the like difficult stuff and stuff and I
was like you know what well I am such a
slob like I'm not at all like it kinda
Nene good you've been dating repressed
homosexual that's your problem all these
men are gay Oh for me I love that [ __ ] i
wear that as a badge if my boss came
over to my part because my boss does
visit me here which work we're just fine
you know i'm happy to have no he's a
nice guy but my boss came over and I've
got women's underwear and bras sitting
around prob I'm proud i'm happy about it
yeah you know it's good medicine my desk
I'm just gonna say I think girls I know
you think but I'm just saying girls just
have a lot of stuff here we have a
school a lot of things I don't know I
don't know why but every girl I know you
walk into their bedroom and it's just
like ya know provides right and you go
to a guy's room and it's just like well
they wear jeans every single day like I
don't have much stuff well I i I'm at
the opposite i I'm in a position
understand that so like you know I know
so as a girl you have the makeup stuff
you have the hair stuff you have all the
body
stuff and I have nothing because I've
never worn makeup in my life but also
I've been shaving my head since I was
like 16 so I've never even had hair as
an adult I don't even own a comb I don't
own one brush so no in terms of sharing
the bathroom other guys are like oh I
need this space you're too good for me
nope it can be all you I don't give a
[ __ ] next I have no makeup I have no
beauty products I have no I don't own a
comb i own nothing and you know yeah i
remember one of the women who's been
calling him glib she's been sending me
selfies in the bathroom mirror and she
is an extremely objectively good-looking
woman there's more than one level of
commitment here sending me the bathroom
selfie because in that mirror you can
see just how much she's invested in
makeup here there's could you make a
list of all the stuff in that bathroom
you know but it doesn't know I know
exactly the kind of like male fear but
that that does not bother me at all yeah
I don't know man it's I think it's a
fair for men if the fear of being
dominated it's a fear that the woman is
going to be the dominant influence in
your life you know so what I'm you know
you know what do you need to dominate no
no yeah normal gaze woman the woman you
know sure whether it's in the kitchen or
the bathroom or the bedroom sure
probably ninety percent of your space is
your would [ __ ] well I monogamy works
that's why it's so hard that two or
three wives at the same time if it's
only one woman what's the [ __ ]
problem i don't know if you got two or
three maybe that gets tough I ditto oh
you say no you wouldn't take up much
space but you need space for all your
soap we know what the most funny
contrast that was in Laos so laos in
some ways they're culturally unique in
some ways a very similar to Thailand
because it's a separate country but the
culture is overlap it allows the men
have this really big hang-up about
women's underwear that women's underwear
will feel you're you're
virtual powers as a man is really weird
select the auth oldest all this [ __ ]
like women's underwear always has to be
hung on the laundry line lower than the
men's clothing I'm not like they take it
really seriously it's like black magic
to them it's like no man you can't let a
woman put her bra or panties like up
hide what the [ __ ] what and let's do so
I was a scholar of I was a scholar of
Buddhism at the time and I'm reading
like this so in Buddhism the Bible is
like a hundred books long like our
equivalent to the Bible as many many
volumes detectives a huge amount of
Scripture really want to say and I had
lotion guys asking me that this kind of
question that came up to me be like hey
man like I hear you're a scholar of
ancient Buddhism like yeah yeah yeah
that's what I do like so you actually
read the ancient language you read
pallies like reading angel an agreement
yeah yeah like tell me man I always want
to know boys it's a about letting your
girlfriend hang her panties seriously
imagine there's like a lecture from the
Buddha thou shalt not allow thy woman to
hang her underwear in the bathroom
higher than your yeah yeah they were
really hung up about it like some of
them interpret as you can't ever let
your girlfriend's under clothes be
higher than your own head and some of
them was like you can't let it be higher
than your own clothing they were really
really [ __ ] up with a stuff cuz like
it's gonna steal your it's gonna steal
your spiritual potency or something and
not joking I quite like that idea like
this night undergarments have such power
oh yeah but it's a present why shouldn't
your underwear always be on top I don't
know what what's special about my
underwear why does the why do I take
priority i vanish yen